`
1.) Give the first <div> element an id of "app"

2.) Create a new css file under "Files" and name it "styles.css"
  Note: we import the CSS file into the index.html file in <head> tags

3.) Give the background a shade of gray - use what you want
  Note: in order to see changes to the css you will have to hit the refresh
        button in the preview browser window

4.) Using the first divs id tag in the css stylesheet, change the font size to 20px 

5.) delete the starting text and create a new h1 tag within the div,
  give it a name like "My Pet Website", feel free to change it to your liking,
  and change the <title> tag and give it a name of whatever you want, 
  this is the tab name in your browser

6.) under the h1 tag create a new div, and optionally give it an id with 
  and assign a new background color

7.) in the new div create a paragraph tag, put something like 
  "things my pet love" or "things dogs love"

8.) create an unordered list, and within the unordered list create at least 3 list items
  and think of/find 3 facts about that top (such as "things dogs love")

9.) repeat the last two steps, this time do something like "things dogs hate"

10.) At the top of the first div after the h1, create a new img tag, go to google and
  find an image of a dog, and copy the link to the picture and give the img tag the src of that link
  note: make sure you go to the website the image is on and copy the link from there,
       copying it from google doesn't work properly

11) Give the img tag an alt (if you hover over the picture it will show the alt text)
  the alt text should be a short description of the photo

12.) Stylize your photo! Give the img tag an id or class and use that to stylize the photo
    at least give it a border-color, border-width, border-style(use solid), and border-radius of 50%,

13.) As long as everything worked you are finished, feel free to experiment with 
    adding additional styling, such as changing text colors, changing the fonts, 
    background colors, whatever you want.

View the completed problem here: https://codesandbox.io/s/mokjnyqx98
`